Revert "[v1.0.x] Update docs on Conditions" (#4131)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/advanced-topics.md

### Manage CR status conditions

> An often-used pattern is to include `Conditions` in the status of custom resources. Conditions represent the latest available observations of an object's state (see the [Kubernetes API conventionsdocumentation][typical-status-properties] for more information).

Author: ```suggestion
An often-used pattern is to include `Conditions` in the status of custom resources. Conditions represent the latest available observations of an object's state (see the [Kubernetes API conventions documentation][typical-status-properties] for more information).
```
